What
====
328log turns a cheap Arduino Pro Mini stamp board into a standalone low
rate data logger, sampling from the ADC and writing to the device's
own flash.  No external SD card is used.  The 30kB of available
flash is enough for about 24,000 data points.  At a typical
sample interval of 4 seconds, the device will store over a day's
worth of data.

Why
===
Instead of simulating or guessing at, say, how much power a new
project consumes, I find it's better to just log that parameter over
the course of normal usage.  Often I will have some Arduino Pro Mini
boards on hand, because they can be had for as little as $3 a piece.
328log makes it trivial to collect the data.

328log obviates the need for an SD card, which `will cost
more than the board, and which will need level shifting.
Sometimes you just don't need that kind of capacity and you
don't want the extra complexity.

How
===
328log is NOT an Arduino "sketch"; it replaces the Arduino
bootloader that ships with the board.  To do this, you must use
an in-circuit serial programmer (ISP), such as USBASP, or
ArduinoISP.  If you have an Arduino IDE installed, you will
already have all the software tools you need to programme the
board with 328log.

To flash the programme image:

How to use
==========
The device will begin logging immediately if it can do so safely
and if not interrupted (by keyboard).  Otherwise it will present
the menu for your attention, which will be the case initially.

Connect up the serial connection (typically you would use a
USB-TTL serial converter) and set parameters to 19200, 8N1.
The board will respond with a menu.  You can perform the
following:
- Select internal 1.1V voltage reference or Vcc;
- Select number of channels (up to 4);
- Select sample interval (0.5s to 10s)
- Enter a note
- Download data
- Erase flash

If 1 channel is selected, then it is ADC0 (pin A0 on the board);
if 2 channels, then the second is ADC1 (A1); etc.

Choosing the 1.1V reference is useful if you need slightly
better resolution, or if you are powering the board from an
external, noisy, 5V supply such as USB.

You should enable screen logging before choosing Download, which
copies the logged data to the terminal.

Erase erases the logged data and the accompanying note.

The note can contain the date, time, location, purpose, setup,
your name, etc. of the data to be logged.  Max 127 characters long.

Power off the board after configuration.  The device will begin
logging when next powered up or reset.  You can detach the serial
connection (typically) or leave it attached to view the logging
process.

The device buffers the data collected before it is written to
flash, so when you power it off, you may lose up to one full buffer's
worth of data (about a hundred data points).  This is rarely an issue,
and you can avoid it by always letting it log to full flash
capacity.
